(7.8.x) Deprecate [runtime][X][parameter environment templates] (#3784)
cylc/cylc-flow: doc/src/appendices/suiterc-config-ref.rst

use cylc utility commands because access to cylc is also configured
earlier in the script.  See also :ref:`TaskExecutionEnvironment`.

> You can also specify task execution parameter environment templates here (only
> relevant for *parameterized tasks* - see :ref:`Parameterized Tasks Label`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify job environment templates here for *parameterized tasks* (see :ref:`Parameterized Tasks Label`).
```
"Task execution parameter environment template" is a bit of a mouthful and not easy to understand (not sure why we used to use "task execution environment'' instead of "job environment"...

Replace ``__VARIABLE__`` with any number of environment variable
assignment expressions. Order of definition is preserved so values can
refer to previously defined variables. Values are passed through to the task

> job script without evaluation or manipulation by cylc (with the exception of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
job script without evaluation or manipulation by Cylc (with the exception of
```

Cylc was once deliberately lowercased, but not anymore (but you can leave these for a later global fix if you like).
